# WSAA-coursework #
Coursework for the module 'Web Services and Applications' of the HDip in Data Analytics from ATU

---

### **Name: James McEneaney**
### **Course: Higher Diploma in Computing in Data Analytics, ATU Ireland**
### **Semester: Semester 1 2024**

---

## Overview ##

This repository contains my work for the 'Web Services and Applications' module of the Higher Diploma in Data Analytics from ATU. 

Included in this repository are folders for my assignments and my main project, a gitignore file and this README file; I initially pushed a folder for lab work into my repository too but I decided not to continue pushing lab work to GitHub, and instead used this folder on my local machine for rough work instead.

The assignments folder contains my work for three assignments plus associated documents:
- *currentweather.py* and the json file *weatherdump.json* generated by this programme
- *assignment03-cso.py* and the json file *cso.json* generated by this programme
- *assignment04-github.py* and the text file *assignment4.txt* used to test this programme

I used Visual Studio Code (VS Code - version 1.88.1), to write my scripts and to upload them to my repository on GitHub for assessment.


### How to execute my script ###

- Open VSCode. Go the search bar at the top and type '>'. 

- Search for Git: Clone.

- Select Clone from GitHub and press Enter.

- When prompted for the Repository URL, select clone from GitHub, then press Enter.

- Sign into Github, if prompted to.

- Enter the URL "https://github.com/WSAA-coursework/" into the repository field.

- Select which directory on your machine you would like to clone my repository to.

- Select "Open" when asked if you want to open the cloned repository.
